README.md, before:

## Portfolio-Website
Portfolio website built using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery.

<a href="https://jigarsable.netlify.app/" target="_blank">**Visit Now** 🚀</a>


## 📌 Tech Stack
[![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5%20-%23E34F26.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/jigar-sable/Portfolio-Website/search?l=html)&nbsp;
[![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3%20-%231572B6.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/jigar-sable/Portfolio-Website/search?l=css)&nbsp;
[![JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)](https://github.com/jigar-sable/Portfolio-Website/search?l=javascript)
<img alt="jQuery" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white"/>

### Extras : 
Particle.js, Typed.js, Tilt.js, Scroll Reveal, Tawk.to, Font Awesome and JSON

## 📌 Sneak Peek of Main Page 🙈 :
![mockup720](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64949957/124947013-1f682080-e02d-11eb-977e-df3bbd4fa838.png)
![ss](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64949957/159113640-d92665a8-f614-42b3-8456-66b97fc2e651.png)


<h2>📬 Contact</h2>

Feel free to reach me through the below handles if you'd like to contact me.

[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jigar-sablee)
[![instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/jigarsable.dev)

Commit message:

Revise README for Abdallah Khalifa Portfolio
Updated portfolio website details and links.

README.md, after:

# Abdallah Khalifa Portfolio

Portfolio website built using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery.

This is my personal portfolio website, built using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and jQuery. It showcases my skills, education, projects, and experience in Data Science and Machine Learning.

<a href="https://abdalllah.netlify.app/" target="_blank">**Visit My Portfolio** 🚀</a>

## 📌 Tech Stack
[![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5%20-%23E34F26.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Iabdallllah/portfolio/search?l=html)
[![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3%20-%231572B6.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Iabdallllah/portfolio/search?l=css)
[![JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript%20-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)](https://github.com/Iabdallllah/portfolio/search?l=javascript)
<img alt="jQuery" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white"/>

### Extras :
Particle.js, Typed.js, Tilt.js, Scroll Reveal, Font Awesome and JSON

## 📬 Contact

Feel free to reach me through the below handles if you'd like to contact me:

[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abdallah-khalifa-265aa8165?utm_source=share&utm_campaign=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=android_app)
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Iabdallllah)
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/iAbdalllahh)
[![telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/AbdallIah)
